docs: Add note on SVGs for require and import statements (#8399)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/guides/markdown-features/markdown-features-assets.mdx

:::

:::note SVGs in CommonJS require and Import statement

> To use SVGs with CommonJS require and Import statements you need to override the default `svg-loader` behavior by prepending `!!url-loader!` to the asset path. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import SVGs as an asset URL instead of a [React component](#inline-svgs), you need to override the default `svg-loader` behavior by prepending `!!url-loader!` to the asset path. For example:
```

Might also be useful to mention `configureWebpack` if you want to override it globally?
